*   **Synced Zip Mover Activation Controller** - A controller entity that, when placed into a room, allows **Synced Zip Movers** (from the [Adventure Helper](https://gamebanana.com/gamefiles/9807)) of a specific color to activate whenever the player pressed grab. If you wish to, you can rebind the key/button of your choice to activate them. (For map makers: the **Custom Bird Tutorial** provided by Everest can now correctly display the binding that is used by players, by adding _"CommunalHelperSyncedZipMoverBinding"_ to _"Controls"_ in Ahorn).
*   **Manual Cassette Controller** - When placed in a room, it will allow the player to manually cycle through cassette block colors using a rebindable button (defaults to Grab). (For map makers: this binding is displayed using _"CommunalHelperCycleCassetteBlocksBinding"_).
*   **Input Flag Controller** - Allows a sequence of flags to be toggled using a key or button binding. (For map makers: this binding is displayed using _"CommunalHelperActivateFlagControllerBinding"_).
*   **Cassette Jump Fix Controller** - A controller entity that makes it impossible to get extra liftspeed from jumping against an appearing Cassette Block.
*   **Underwater Music Controller** - This little controller entity will let you disable the underwater music "muffling" (lowpass). You can also make it not affect the player dash SFX.
*   **Core Mode Music Controller** - This entity allows you to set a specified list or event parameters to be changed on specified values, depending on the current level's core mode. You can specify parameters using the _"params"_ option, which is a comma-separated list of parameters. Each parameter will be set to one of three values (one for each core mode), which you can change with the _"hot"_, _"cold"_ and _"none"_ options. The _"disable"_ option makes every controller with the same specified parameters (in order), and disables completely.