*   **Move Block Redirect** - An entity that defines an area and a cardinal direction, and if a **Move Block** enters the said area, will redirect it to move in the specified direction. For a Move Block and a **Move Block Redirect** to properly interact, they must have the _same width and height_, and redirection will only occur once the block fully overlaps with the area. The Move Block will normally change direction after a short animation, but there is also the option for a _"fast redirect"_, which will cause the block to immediately change direction without an animation. You can edit the Move Block speed's by using the _"modifier"_ attribute. You can make it add, subtract or multiply the speed by that modifier by selection your _"operation"_ type. The Move Block speed cannot go under 10. Finally, you can also make it not redirect the block, but break it instead, using the _"deleteBlock"_ attribute! There is also a _"oneUse"_ mode if you need it. Reskinning and recoloring options have been to this entity in 1.9.0.

*   **Move Swap Block** - You get it; A Swap Block that'll travel in a specified direction when interacted with. It can swap positions even when it's travelling, and steering can be enabled. Basically Move Block × Swap Block!

*   **Railed Move Block** - Basically Move Block × Zip Mover. To clarify: this move block is meant to stay on a zip mover track, and only a player can move it by grabbing one of its sides and looking in certain directions. There are different steering modes, which will affect which side you need to grab / stand on to move the block. The horizontal mode will allow you to steer the block by grabbing the left or right side of it and looking left or right. The vertical mode will allow you to do the same by standing on the top side and looking up or crouching. The both mode turns on all three sides. (No you can't grab the bottom!)