*   **Station Block** and **Tracks** - A block that sits on a track, and when activated will move along the track to a specific node. The block is activated by dashing into it, and will either move toward the side that was dashed into, or away from it, based on the _"behaviour"_ option. Now with 1.8.2, he _"dashCornerCorrection"_ option will allow for easier wallbounces, previously way more precise than with most of other solids. Track segments are either vertical or horizontal, and when placed such that their nodes (ends) overlap, will connect to form full, continuous tracks. The block must be placed directly on top of a track node for it to attach to the track, and when activated can only move in directions that have a track segment leading away from their current node, in that direction. They are also reskinnable. Since 1.6.0, **Station Block Tracks** can now be set to be "ON" or "OFF" using the _"trackSwitchState"_ attribute, which will enable / disable them depending on the current state in the level. A track set to "NONE" will always be active, and is not affected in any way. **Station Block** now have an _"allowWavedash"_ attribute that allows you to perform a wavedash on them instead of bouncing upwards, and if you want, it also has custom colors using the _"wavedashButtonColor"_ and _"wavedashButtonPressedColor"_ options. Since 1.9.0,

**Tracks** can now act like a one-way barrier for attached **Station Blocks** and eventually as a force-way track, using the _moveMode_ option list: read Ahorn tooltips for more.
*   **Track Switch Box** (and **Switch Track Trigger**) - A block, similar to the Lightning Breaker Box entity that, when dashed into, switches the track state in the current level (used for **Station Block Tracks**). If the level is reloaded (player death, etc...), the state is set back to its default value. You can disble this behaviour by ticking on the _"globalSwitch"_ attribute in Ahorn. The **Switch Track Trigger** is basically the trigger equivalent of this entity, except you can specify the state it switches to, or if it just alternates between the two. On 1.9.4, Earthwise (Kitty-Cats) added the _"bounce"_ and _"floaty"_ options, to disable the bouncing when hit, and the floating behaviour, respectively.